Why is he here?
Can I come in, Leader To?
The second layer of Longevity Realm does not come.
The first long body class of the Emei sect
Has Leader Su got it yet?
Take care of yourself first.
Tell you to do something, you don't understand.
Don't blame me.
All blame Pham Hien.
You turn back and say to the quick hand.
If it weren't for him...
I killed my brothers.
Assured.
I will find an opportunity to eliminate the dead.
Does To Nhien Mon have any other orders?
Leadership means for you to lead the Beg cult to escape from prison.
Find an opportunity to destroy the Lingzhi Palace and destroy it.
It's okay if you can't subtract.
As long as you escape successfully.
They embarked on a path of rebellion.
Leader To is so tall, stop flattering him.
I didn't expect it to be you, To Trieu Tung.
Then I will ruin your plan.
Interest rate
You don't even want to get the second level of Eternal Life.
By evening
Pham family will change the bag for you.
You hurry up and get the certificate.